[AUDIO LOGO]
>> Human beings, are we just
a machine of flesh and blood,
a biological miracle?
Or as messages of
extraterrestrial origin
maintain, are we
journeying spirits who roam
the worlds of the multiverse?
I'm Ricardo Gonzalez Corpancho.
Welcome aboard
"The Arc of Time."
[MUSIC PLAYING]
According to these
beings, humans
are not just a
biological machine
that is triggered by
chemical impulses.
There is something subtle
and, at the same time,
powerful that lies behind our
covering of flesh and blood,
a spark of light.
But what is its origin?
And why are we now
on this planet Earth?
Let's examine
these controversies
together as a means for
revealing information.
According to the
messages of these beings,
our universe has an order, which
applies to both big phenomena
as well as phenomena
we consider smaller.
As hermetic principles would
say, as above, so below.
And as below, so above.
According to our scientists,
this material universe
in which we live was created
by a cosmic explosion,
which they call the Big Bang,
approximately 14 billion years
ago.
At some point, we mentioned
that from that incident,
that singularity, the
space-time equation
became plausible to us.
And these beings affirmed
that just as there
was a cosmic explosion, which
came from a nonphysical place,
according to them, to create
the stars and future planets,
something similar also
happened, a wonderful phenomenon
of creation so that journeying
spirits could arise.
Consciousnesses that arose
from the so-called cosmic ponds
or sources of life, that is what
these extraterrestrial beings
call it.
Apparently, this multiverse has
a perfect geometric structure,
where there are lines of energy
that are grouped in nodes.
And in these great
nodes, powerful energies
flow, sources of life.
And there are sources
and more sources.
The most important, obviously,
are within the galaxies
or in the large
nebula formulations,
from which later arise
protoplanetary disks.
According to this information
from the extraterrestrials,
our spirit is of cosmic origin.
However, it does not proceed
from a material reality,
but from a mental
and spiritual reality
that humans, try as we
might, could not comprehend.
From these clusters of
nontime arise the essence
of the journeying spirit,
a journeying spirit
who can live the experience
of learning in matter,
incarnating in physical
bodies, and living
on planets in different
regions of the multiverse.
Now, if we are beings
of energy, journeying
spirits of cosmic origin,
why did we choose Earth?
Were we by chance
in other worlds?
Does life after this life
exist, reincarnation,
the succession of experiences
in different stars?
It is a very broad
and complex issue.
But according to these
messages, we may not only
have one existence.
We could live
different existences
as part of our learning.
And that learning would not
only be confined to one planet,
as in the case of the Earth,
but in different worlds.
The Earth, as we explained in
the episode on the cosmic plan,
is a blue aura school
world, a special planet
to come to and learn.
It's like this big university
where everyone wants to study.
Not an easy university,
difficult, but that
forges the experience
of the journeying
spirit since whatever
is experienced
in the physical body in that
world, when the body dies,
the brain disappears,
and we return to dust.
The information is not
going to disappear.
But as we have
already mentioned,
it will be connected to,
logged into the records
of the multiverse, what
some esotericists call,
the archives of the
memory of creation,
or the so-called Akashic
matrix or records.
This information
is also mentioned
by the extraterrestrials.
And it seems to
have a connection
with these mystical
and esoteric teachings.
But I ask myself
again, why the Earth?
Did we choose it?
Or did someone choose it for us?
And if so, how did that work?
The universe, according
to these beings,
is structured with a
perfect energy management
law, where journeying spirits
are assigned according
to their frequency and what they
require and need from the world
or stars for learning.
According to these
messages, there
is even a group of
entities that we
could call extraterrestrials,
but not ultraterrestrials,
who act as guardians of
destiny and could interact
with these journeying spirits
for the assignment to school
planets.
One might say, well, I'm living
the human experience on Earth.
But why was I born
in the United States
or born in Peru or
in another nation?
Why were some born into families
with financial resources
and others into families
that do not have them?
Some who were born with
congenital problems
and others who have
vigorous health,
why all these differences?
Because even the
geography in your life
can change your beliefs.
Being born and
raised in Afghanistan
is not the same as being
born and raised in Israel.
Apparently, every experience
on Earth has a frequency,
has information, and
is assigned accordingly
to the affinity required
by the journeying spirit.
And, there, the
guardians of destiny
come into play or also
the lords of karma,
as they are called in
some esoteric schools.
These entities consider it
important for the spirit
to live the experience
that corresponds to it so
that its learning can
be much deeper and also
faster in the upcoming path
of their future incarnations.
Let me give you this example.
Let's think about the little
ones, about our children.
When they are so
small, they don't
make decisions for themselves.
But we try to guide their
way through schooling,
where they will study.
We also choose the
clothes they wear,
their health, and a long list
of what we as parents attempt
to design in the best way
out of love and caring
for our children.
Something similar happens with
the universe and the monitoring
entities of the universe,
the guardians of destiny,
who try to choose the best, the
right thing for our learning.
Only when we have
sufficient consciousness,
sufficient spiritual maturity
as journeying spirits
may we interact in
decision-making.
And going back to
the previous example
of why I was born in a
more difficult family
or why I was born in
a more complex place
to learn or to grow, I
guarantee that, according
to this knowledge, the
most difficult places,
the most complex environments
are those that, in a better
way, purge the spirit.
In other words, calm seas do
not forge skillful sailors.
And there is a perfectly
established life arrangement,
which is almost
like a highway where
the human spirit, already
dressed as a human,
is traveling.
And everything is
coldly calculated
unless during that transit,
greater consciousness
is acquired, activating
a clause in that contract
law in that life agreement.
And that clause is free will.
For example, the fate of
these journeying spirits
could be that one person will
be an attorney, another person
to be a writer, another person
a doctor, and another person
maybe a truck driver,
different experiences.
They could live a long
life, or they could
pass when just a teenager.
They are all life agreements,
the contract laws,
which obviously, from
the human perspective,
we don't always understand.
However, when you are
in that destination,
on that map that was
previously drawn out,
free will clauses, when you
are in higher consciousness,
it allows you to make small
changes, in that fate, that
has you driving a red car
on that highway of life,
which you can't avoid.
But that free will,
that awareness
can make you decide if
you go faster in that car
or if you slow down,
if you want to stop
at the corner for a
moment or paint it green
and travel more distance.
That is, those
small changes only
happen, according to these
messages and information,
if there is a greater
consciousness,
and consciousness is
relative and proportional
to your usefulness
in that agreement,
in your usefulness to the world
where you have incarnated,
your usefulness, your
actions for your own life.
This contract law
and everything that
happens in your transit on
planet Earth, in this case,
it's not only subject
to your desire
to live more in that blue
paradise that is the Earth.
But what else you can do in
your learning experience that
can also help those around
you, your family tribe or even
beyond your family tribe,
which was expanded upon
for your learning experience
but, rather, to overcome
that circle and be a more useful
person for the peace process
and balance of the planet
where you have decided to come?
It's a really wonderful
subject, because so many of us
have grown up with the idea
that our purpose in life
is to grow old, study for
a career, find a trade,
earn enough money to
survive, find a partner,
have children,
take care of them,
grow old, accumulate
savings, have our own house,
and then depart.
And we think we were great human
beings because of our degrees,
because of the
house that we bought
for our wonderful children
and having given them the best
education.
That's not enough.
In the spiritual world, you have
to be the same loving father
or mother with people outside
of your family circle.
Obviously, if we decide
to have children,
we have to be wonderful and
responsible people for them.
But can we feel the same
love and the same quality
to serve people
outside of our circle?
It's what is called the
redemption of humanity,
what is called working with
love for those around us,
for others.
And according to this
spiritual information,
the cosmic travelers who have
come to the school worlds
do not have to limit
themselves solely
to those experiences of
their personal knowledge.
But they have to go further and
be useful to a higher purpose.
And discovering it is
the most important thing.
You will remember when we talked
about the Mayan prophecies
and of the great calendars,
such as Tzolk'in calendar,
with 260 days, and
the Haab calendar,
the solar calendar
with 365 days.
They spin and move together,
like gears on a great machine,
in order for them to coincide,
again, being different.
52 solar years must go by, which
is called the calendar wheel.
And the guardians of
tradition of the Mayan world
say that when a person
turns 52 in his life,
if you reach that age,
at that time at least,
you should already understand
what your life's purpose is
and be carrying it out.
It is very interesting because
the same energies, according
to this information, that were
conspired during their birth
are replicated again
in year number 52.
It's a myth or a symbol,
however you want to look at it.
But I think it's very
important to assess how
we're going through our lives.
We are spirits.
We come from somewhere
in the multiverse.
And we are living an elusive
experience as humans,
with names given to
us by our parents,
with sexuality, with
mental characteristics,
with our social characteristics,
all that we are now,
which will disappear
when we depart.
And we will return to being
that which came to Earth.
And we will have to
make an assessment.
While I was on this
planet, what did I learn?
What did I do for others?
I think this reflection is very
focused on the famous papyrus
of Hunefer, which is
over 3,000 years old.
This Egyptian papyrus
shows Hunefer,
a person who has just
passed, who finds himself
on the scales of life,
where his heart is
weighed with a feather.
Of course, if Hunefer's life
was a righteous life, a life
absent of sorrows,
his heart will not
weigh more than a feather.
It will be light.
Then Thoth the Atlantean, the
mystical Hermes Trismegistus
for some esoteric schools,
appearing with the head of ibis
recording the information
in the book of life,
allowing him passage.
And Hunefer will meet
Osiris Orion, which we will
address in the next episode.
And he will meet the guardians
of the universe, perhaps
the mythical council of Ma'at,
which suspiciously reminds me
of the guardians of destiny
or the lords of karma.
That is, at some point, when we
leave planet Earth and return
to our cosmic source,
our heart symbolically
will be weighed with a feather.
The great masters say
that the best preparation
for the highest initiation
a human being can have,
which is death, is
to live righteously.
Neither our parents nor
the university or anything
has prepared us for that moment,
which can happen at any time.
It is a great initiation.
There are human
beings who fear death
because they don't
know what comes after,
others who fear the way they die
or the pain, others who may not
fear death because they don't
know that it exists, as such,
that we pass on to
another reality.
Nor do they fear the pain,
but they do fear attachments,
that is, leaving things on
Earth that were not fully
taken care of.
Are we ready for it?
I think the Hunefer papyrus
explains it very well.
A righteous life, the heart
lighter than a feather,
living righteously in
love and in service
is the best preparation
to return home.
As my friend Fabio
Zerpa said, now,
is it possible to experience
different planes, existences,
information that involve
our life in the multiverse,
being anchored here on
Earth in this physical body?
The answer is yes,
but not a total yes,
because if we remembered
everything in detail, if we
had access to great,
complete cosmic information,
our minds couldn't
fathom being confined
to this human experience.
We wouldn't be able to stand it.
And knowing all that
information could possibly
hinder our human
learning since there
has to be a bit of naivete,
if we can call it that,
to live the human experience
in a spontaneous way.
Obviously, when
a traveler enters
the paths of
consciousness, they could
access fragments of information
that reveal their way,
that they are paving the
path that they are traveling.
But accessing the total
memory is obviously
not part of the laws
of the universe,
because it is not meant to be.
We wouldn't be living a
completely suitable learning
experience.
What's more, we could be
living simultaneous existences
at this time.
And now human beings and
some projection of us,
some double, some
holography of us
is being replicated
elsewhere in the universe.
But these beings say,
why try to understand it?
The important thing
is that we are here.
And for now, we
have to understand
the meaning of our life here
and make our life here fruitful.
And is there a possibility
that at some point,
although we cannot comprehend
it, of course, intellectually,
that all those existences,
realities, projections,
and singularities
can come together,
at least for an
instant, within us?
Yes.
A great teacher taught this.
And we will talk about
it in the next episode--
unconditional love.
Unconditional love is
what unites everything,
what explains everything.
Now, all this information
from the journeying spirits
who may arrive on planets
with a specific mission
has been interpreted
in many ways,
especially in New Age groups.
And there is a very
important topic,
which is known as seeds
from the stars, that is,
spirits from other
worlds or realities
that may be born on Earth
as part of an aid mission.
Although in essence,
it is the same concept,
I think it is
appropriate to analyze
this matter in greater detail.
I will begin by saying
that, obviously, it
is very difficult to
confirm if a human being has
cosmic memories.
I'm not referring to the
cosmic origin of their soul,
but to another interpretation,
which points out
that some people are
extraterrestrials
who lived on other
planets and are now
fulfilling a mission
infiltrated as human beings.
Although this is very
difficult to accept,
according to our research
and personal experiences,
yes, it is possible.
There are cases of
beings from other worlds
that could be living as humans.
But they do so in silence
without attracting attention.
Otherwise, they
would be hindering
their anthropological mission
within our human society.
All this has generated,
as I have already said,
different points of view and
also bizarre interpretations.
One can find suggested
meditation techniques
on the internet
with certain steps
that only take 12 minutes
for the individual
to be activated as a star seed
and recall their cosmic origin.
I think this is an exaggeration,
besides the fact that it
is very dangerous to encourage
these kinds of thoughts
and ideas.
In addition, as if
this were not enough,
various channelers have
offered private sessions to,
in session, read the
person's internal information
and tell them if they are a
being from Orion, Andromeda,
or Pleiades.
I have always said that beyond
the fact that there are people
capable of connecting to this
information who dwell on other
planes and help other
people to interpret them,
we cannot mix all cases, because
it is a very dangerous matter
if we fall into suggestion
and conditioning.
And that is the reason
for my reflection.
In all this, we may
also delve into what
is called the indigo
movement, which
points to the emergence
of a group of children
with a high level
of awareness as part
of a great evolutionary leap
that humanity must take.
Undoubtedly, we are experiencing
important transformations
as a species.
And I'm convinced that
children represent
the hope for that change.
I know that there are
children with an awareness
and perception who unequivocally
blaze the trail of hope.
This is a reality, but
we must also discern.
I think calling a child
indigo because they
don't want to study
and because they
claim to remember
experiences from other lives,
in exotic places merits
much more in-depth research,
in my opinion.
All the children
of this generation
are exceptionally
special because they
have come at a historical
moment of the Earth.
Let's see.
The term "indigo"
was coined in 1982
by American parapsychologist
Nancy Ann Tappe.
She used in her book
"Understanding Your Life
Through Color," a very
interesting work, where
she assured that she had noticed
that many children had been
born with indigo-colored auras.
This was toward the end
of the decade of the '70s.
Tappe later affirmed that 34%
of children under the age of 16
were indigo.
However, other
studies on human aura,
the energy field
surrounding living things,
added that there were different
colors in the supposed
cases of indigo children
who reflected these very
particular qualities.
So to better
understand this enigma,
others began to coin
other terms in addition
to indigo, like crystal
children or cosmic children.
And, here, it was
also said that some
of these little ones,
cosmic, crystals, or indigo,
in this particular case,
were extraterrestrials
or elevated spirits
from other worlds
who decided to live as humans.
But I reiterate it is
very difficult to confirm.
And I think that much
more can be learned
about the mission of a being
with come from other realities
by their humility
and their silence.
Now, I hear before
Tappe's book, there
was an important
springboard that we
must mention, a famous
book, "The Star People,"
the work of the prolific
American writer Brad Steiger.
The renowned UFO
specialist was convinced
that a percentage of
the human population
descended from
extraterrestrials,
or that some humans could
directly be infiltrators.
Steiger had been tracking
all this for many years.
In fact, in 1976, he
had published the "Gods
of Aquarius," a book inspired
by a spiritual belief
of Native American Indians,
such as the Hopi, the Zuni,
or the Dakota, which claims that
humans may have been created
by visitors from the stars.
Steiger believed
that star people
could be identified since
they are people with a very
characteristic stamp.
According to his research,
they would usually
be different humans who
feel isolated, alone,
and misunderstood, with the
feeling that they are not
of this world, with a
feeling of nostalgia
for the stars and difficulty
fitting into human society.
So based on these
observations, Steiger
prepared a list of 30 questions
to identify them, incredible.
Among them, I could mention,
does your blood type
have a negative factor?
Do you have conjoined double
vertebra in your spine?
Do you have some deviated ribs?
Do you suffer from
chronic sinusitis?
Have you heard whistling
or buzzing in your head?
Have you always felt like
a stranger in this world?
Do you think that your parents
are not your real ones,
as if you had a family
member somewhere far away?
Have you felt the need to look
for your origin in the stars?
Anyway, this is a small sample.
The investigations of Brad
Steiger and Nancy Ann Tappe
later inspired other
writers, such as Lee Carroll,
to talk about the
indigo children.
I reiterate-- and I think
this reflection is important--
all children are special.
Each being comes
with its own stem
to fulfill a mission
of unique learning.
I think that this
information is very important
to understand that we are all
here on Earth for a purpose.
Beyond the fact that there may
be extraterrestrial beings that
are living as humans, that
is, who were born on Earth,
have forgotten their origin
and may be fulfilling
a silent mission,
beyond the fact
that some human
beings have become
aware of their
supposed previous lives
in order to fulfill
some missions,
and beyond the fact that some
children, without a doubt,
are excelling in this generation
due to their sensitivity
to nature and the
creatures of the Earth,
we must not forget that
everyone, absolutely
everyone, who is here on Earth
is special, because we all
chose to come at this historic
time, in this special time
to live life,
to be useful and live
with others in peace.
Regardless of whether we feel
different, aside from at times,
the fact that we
do not feel part
of this human system
in which we are living
and of which we are part,
regardless of our sensations
and perceptions, we are here.
We are spirits who live a
human learning experience.
And only when we finish
this process here on Earth,
only when we get out of that
car on the highway of life
that I described and back
to our true home will
we reflect deeply on how it went
for us on our transit on Earth.
And on our next
trip, we will leave
for Orion, the
mysteries of Egypt,
and the great mission
of Jesus of Nazareth.
I'm Ricardo Gonzalez Corpancho.
And you're on board
"The Arc of Time."
[MUSIC PLAYING]